Testground Weekly (45 mins)
===

###### tags: `IPFS` `Testing`

:::info
- **Host:** @nonsense
- **Notetaker:** @jacobheun
- **Location:** https://protocol.zoom.us/j/181391682
- **Date:** Feb 4, 2020 6:00 PM (UTC)
- **Participants:**
    - @raulk
    - ~~@daviddias~~
    - @nonsense
    - ~~@hacdias~~
    - @stebalien
    - @aschmahmann
    - @dirkmc
    - @yusefnapora
    - ~~Yiannis Psaras~~
    - @jacobheun
    - ~~Aarsh Shah~~
    - @cory
- **Agenda**
  ~~1. Sprint Update `00min`~~
  2. Identify blockers / Answer Questions `30min`
  3. This week's planning `15min`
- **Reference:** 
  - [Last week meeting minute 2020-01-14](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/_meeting-notes/2020-01-14.md)
  - [HOW_WE_WORK.md#weekly-sync](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/docs/HOW_WE_WORK.md#weekly-sync)
  - [KanBan Board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/test-ground-5db6a5bf7ca61c00014e2961/board)
  - [Testing Infra Design](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/docs/SPEC.md)
  - [Testing Inventory](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/docs/test-inventory.md)
  - [Testing Improvement Tracker](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xyqyGUF-oe3x9ln88YonVeOMWWdknik74lVgL_3dBY8/edit#gid=0)

:::

## :mega: Update (Done, Shipped, Made Progress)
> To be reviewed Async

- ==@raulk==
  - Got done
    - Merged compositions.
        - 
    - Almost done with test outputs epic.
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - ...
  - Blocked
    - ...
- ==@daviddias==
  - Got done
    - ...
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - ...
  - Blocked
    - ...
- ==@stebalien==
  - Got done
    - Use contexts in the sync service sdk
        - https://github.com/ipfs/testground/pull/456
        - Will hopefully stop the sidecar from hanging.
    - Log/panic when the sidecar hangs waiting for a worker to shutdown.
        - Note: this only happens when there's a bug in the sidecar/sync service and it doesn't obey the context.
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - ...
  - Blocked
    - ...
- ==@nonsense==
  - Got done
    - one-command install of Testground cluster
    - collect command with s3 zipping (on top of @hacdias PR)
    - auto-scaling of k8s cluster now works fine with Testground
    - shared s3 bucket between all pods on a host
    - docs improvements
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - weave PR upstream
  - Blocked
    - ...
- ==@hacdias==
  - Got done
    - ...
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - ...
  - Blocked
    - ... 
- ==@dirkmc==
  - Got done
    - ...
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - ...
  - Blocked
    - ...
- ==@aschmahmann==
  - Got done
     - Using predictable peerIDs in tests
     - Mesh based network forming
     - Staging tests to avoid issues with TCP simultaneous connect
     - Hooked up autonat to DHT tests (hacky for testing purposes) to test client-server mode switching behavior
     - Output query events
     - Found a DHT bug where we sent extra information anytime we called FindPeer
     - Updated scripts to extract results from tests and get stats on them, including connection + routing table graphs
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - ...
  - Blocked
    - run k8s 1k tests with updated tests
    - blocked by convergence on how to send data to artifacts and collect them together
- ==@yusefnapora==
  - Got done
    - got secure-channel working enough locally for some [basic comparison numbers](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19P1BS7w5H5Q5aIY5TWquuOjlETa6vTQi-rfUcsKwTsw/edit#gid=0)
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - secure-channel plan still not fully baked
  - Blocked
    - ...
- ==@jacobheun==
  - Got done
    - February is roughly planned for Content Routing, estimates are still rough
        - Backlog is up to date with all known Epics
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - Estimations for work items
  - Blocked
    - ...

## :question: Questions (Blockers, Technical Design needs)
> We only have 30 mins for this section, use your time wisely

- (@handle) QUESTION
- (@jacobheun) Is v0.1 shipped? If not, what is left?
    - Not yet, just a little bit of work left (see below), didn't take into account split priorities for folks.
- (@aschmahmann) what is blocking the artifact recording and collection on k8s? When is predicted to be complete?
    - Primarily time, should be released tomorrow.
    - The work left is finalizing the implementation, we shouldn't need any further discussions.
- (@stebalien) can we centralize logging? There's quite a bit of extra management around this.
    - @raulk to sync with @stebalien offline to make sure we're solving for this
    - Issue: https://github.com/ipfs/testground/issues/428
    - Logging with Zap: https://github.com/ipfs/testground/pull/411

## Presentations

- Creation and installation of cluster is simpler, no presentation here, but the docs are up to date, let @nonsense know if you have questions/issues

## :dart: Next

- Large test runs of DHT are failing, lower numbers of nodes are fine.
    - Possibly a tcp simultaneous connect issue?
    - Should be able to see this better when we have artifacts
        - We can leverage slower test running, by having peers run one at a time, to compensate for this in the time being
        - Can also turn off the connection manager

### Top 3 things to get done this week

- Ship v0.1

### Assignments

- ==@raulk==
  - Finish up implementation of outputs.
  - Lightweight planning of milestone v0.2.
- ==@daviddias==
  - ...
- ==@nonsense==
  - Complete the 0.1 release
  - Coordination between k8s and side car
  - Get weave PR merged upstream
- ==@hacdias==
  - ...
- ==@stebalien==
  - Focusing on Content Routing
- ==@aschmahmann==
  - Improve stats collection while waiting for k8s artifact logging
  - Run tests on large k8s clusters to see how query improvement branch is performing
  - Plan for meeting on Thursday deciding about how FindPeer should work
  - Move autonat detection into DHT
- ==@yusefnapora==
  - ...
- ==@jacobheun==
  - Work on getting more team members up to speed **and** working on Content Routing
- ==@fabiomartins91==
  - Shadowing the lightweight planning of milestone v0.2.
- ==@dirkmc==
  - Plz create an issue for the bitswap + dht testplan and assign to @coryschwartz

:::info
When the meeting is over, push notes to https://github.com/ipfs/testground/tree/master/_meeting-notes and verify that ZenHub is up to date https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/test-ground-5db6a5bf7ca61c00014e2961/board
:::
