Testground Weekly (45 mins)
===

###### tags: `IPFS` `Testing`

:::info
- **Host:** Rob Matarangas
- **Notetaker:** @Rob.Matarangas
- **Location:** https://protocol.zoom.us/j/5411556559
- **Date:** June 2, 2020 4:00 PM (UTC)
- **Participants:** (please add)
    - @raulk
    - @RobM
    - @cory
        - PR for TAAS queue R3 https://github.com/testground/testground/pull/1051
        - Draft PR for a basic implementation of TAAS R2 & R4 based on the 1051 storage layer. https://github.com/testground/testground/pull/1059
        - one-off cluster for drand team with simple scaling up and down using a kubernetes cron
        - 
    - @anton
    - @
- **Agenda**
  1. Sprint Update `30min`- TBD
  2. Identify blockers / Tech Design Q&A `15min`
  3. This week's planning `15min`
- **Reference:** 
  - [Last week meeting minute 2020-05-26](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/_meeting-notes/2020-05-26.md) 
  - [HOW_WE_WORK.md#weekly-sync](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/docs/HOW_WE_WORK.md#weekly-sync)
  - [KanBan Board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/testground-agile-5e55a12c82aac7fef146176e/board)
 

:::

## :mega: Update (Done, Shipped, Made Progress)
> To be reviewed Async

- ==@raulk==
  - Got done
    - tbd
    - 
  - In progress
    - tbd
    - 
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - N/A.
  - Blocked
    - N/A.

- ==@nonsense==
  - Got done
      - Many bugfixes
      - Support gossipsub with their environment (also uncovered issues during our release, such as documenting configuration changes/backward-incompatible changes)
      - Kubernetes Autoscaler and hardening of infra setup, so that pods do not start on hosts that are not ready yet
           
  - In progress
      - PR reviews and work on TaaS requirements
      
  - Didn't get done 
      - Still no good intuition on how we want to sort out our infrastructure monitoring with Prometheus, needs discussion an experimentation
          - Definitely remove prometheus-operator
          - Use vanilla prometheus, or
          - Adopt timescaledb+prometheus
      
  - Blocked
      - N/A.

- ==@hacdias==
  - OOO - Exams + School 

- ==@cory==
    - Got done
        - tbd
        
    
    - In Progress
        - tbd
        - 
    - Didn't get done
        - a satisfying answer to oom prom.
    - Questions:
        - tbd
            
- ==@Hugo==
    - Got done
        - tbd
    - In Progress
        - tbd
    - Didn't get done
        - tbd


     

## :question: Questions (Blockers, Technical Design needs)

### Testground/Infra Repo Refactor Design Review
- Progress update
- Next steps?

    - notes

---

-  ### Testground/TaaS Requirements Detail Discussion
    - notes

- Place-holder : Please add any additional Design Review Requests here for addition to next agenda

---

### Blockers
-  Prometheus OOM issiue - https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/851 is blocking multiple tickets and needs redesign/workaround discussion. Will slide to next sprint 
- https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/875 Needs design discussion due to it blocking multiple other isses e.g. https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/599 - Update on these?  Action items?
-  **Open Action Item**- @Anton create page and info banner to set expectations, then close 599
-  https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/974 & https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/976 Seem to be going stale. Priority change?

---
- Still on Radar. Need to look into fault tolerances, set standards into the design
    - This is for a future sprint. Need issue to flesh out and work on design
    - Stages?
    - take one testplan (e.g.pubsub) and measure and annotate the failures for tolerance or improvement. 

    
- 

## :dart: Next

-  Taas Requirements ticket estimations 
    -  Questions?  eg spikes needed to determine scope?
    -  Other Tickets to be opened. What and who?
#


- 
    -  Sprint Plan
-Bugs now in own pipeline so as to not compete with Features
-Issues only discussed in sync. Pr's can be mentioned in Daily Async, where respective discussion can be initiated
-Estimations, Think in terms of Effort, not time-tracking.   Effort = solution complexity + time needed to resolve
-Sprint Naming convention to now be v0.5.x until next majoer feature set can be planned
        
        
 
        
- @Raul  
    -   tickets updates
            - Local:exec testing
  
-  @Nonsense
      -   tickets updates
         - take Cluster K8 and local:docker

            
    



    

-  @Cory 
   -   tickets updates
            - take Cluster K8 and local:docker
-  Review Sprint v0.5.2 forward progress and priorites

    
    -  @raul, Any re-prioritizations, re-assignments, concerns ?
    -  TaaS Product Roadmap - features revolve around
        -  Shared Cluster-Anton primary
        -  Github Automation/Integration-Raul primary 
        -  Comparative Matix/dashboards- 
        -  Team sourced Design Requirement Doc is (same as above) https://docs.google.com/document/d/19dA5SsiVDt43rnaSiaxNtXYYBN_MVaikvi0JFvpYlos/edit?ts=5ecaad42#heading=h.ootea6yezqkg

### Top 3 things to get done this week

- timebox (1hr) ideas for soltuions for TaaS Req doc feedback
- Please spend at least the first hr of each day doing reviews. 
- Estimate tickets
- Board is ALWAYS up to date. Check Board for priorities and tickets in queue



### Assignments

See ZenHub Kanban Board for granular details: (https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/testground-5db6a5bf7ca61c00014e2961/board?milestones=Testground%20v0.2%232020-02-14&repos=197244214).

- ==@Robm==
  - ... facilitate productivity of team with focus on delivering Viable Testrgound Product in Q2
- ==@raulk==
  - Defining the roadmap and plan for v1.0. See above linked doc
- ==@nonsense==
  - ..Sprint progress
- ==@cory==
  - ..Sprint progess
- ==@Hugo==
  - ..JS Browser spec document with Raul
:::info
When the meeting is over, push notes to https://github.com/testground/pm/tree/master/_meeting-notes and verify that ZenHub is up to date https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/testground-agile-5e55a12c82aac7fef146176e/board
:::
