Testground Weekly (45 mins)
===

###### tags: `IPFS` `Testing`

:::info
- **Host:** Rob Matarangas
- **Notetaker:** @Rob.Matarangas
- **Location:** https://protocol.zoom.us/j/5411556559
- **Date:** May 26, 2020 4:00 PM (UTC)
- **Participants:** (please add)
    - @raulk
    - @RobM
    - @cory
    - @anton
    - @
- **Agenda**
  1. Sprint Update `30min`- TBD
  2. Identify blockers / Tech Design Q&A `15min`
  3. This week's planning `15min`
- **Reference:** 
  - [Last week meeting minute 2020-05-19](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/_meeting-notes/2020-05-19.md) 
  - [HOW_WE_WORK.md#weekly-sync](https://github.com/ipfs/testground/blob/master/docs/HOW_WE_WORK.md#weekly-sync)
  - [KanBan Board](https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/testground-agile-5e55a12c82aac7fef146176e/board)
 

:::

## :mega: Update (Done, Shipped, Made Progress)
> To be reviewed Async

- ==@raulk==
  - Got done
    - tbd
    - 
  - In progress
    - tbd
    - 
  - Didn't get done (and had commited to last week)
    - N/A.
  - Blocked
    - N/A.

- ==@nonsense==
  - Got done
      - Integration tests for runners - local:docker, local:exec, cluster:k8s
      - Took over "Moving of image pushing to cluster:k8s" from Raul, and completed
      - Added sidecar logs as part of local:docker runner output
      - Other minor bug fixes
      - ContainerCamp Testground presentation
           
  - In progress
      - Investigation on Prometheus setup and how we want to scale it
      
  - Didn't get done 
      - Still haven't completed `benchmarks/storm` results document
      - Still no good intuition on how we want to sort out our infrastructure setup with Prometheus
      
  - Blocked
      - N/A.

- ==@hacdias==
  - OOO - Exams + School 

- ==@cory==
    - Got done
        - docker unut tests
        - k8s runner test in CI (sidecar not tested)
        - Sidecar unit tests
        - "generic" builder (that was this week, I think right?)
        - tests for the rpc package, with a "Recording" OutputWriter
        
    
    - In Progress
        - FilterAction in sidecar, finished Friday, but I want to do more testing on k8s and then merge
        - 
    - Didn't get done
        - a satisfying answer to oom prom.
    - Questions:
        - tbd
            
- ==@Hugo==
    - Got done
        - tbd
    - In Progress
        - tbd
    - Didn't get done
        - tbd


     

## :question: Questions (Blockers, Technical Design needs)

### Testground/Infra Repo Refactor Design Review
- Notes from v0.5 retro here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VmM3vuBWKbkWKkfXZetuKfo1C3vSn-gjpiJY3JAswgY/edit

    - notes

---

- Prometheus OOM issiue - https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/851 is blocking multiple tickets and needs redesign/workaround discussion 


- Place-holder : Please add any additional Design Review Requests here for addition to next agenda



### Blockers
- https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/875 Needs design discussion due to it blocking multiple other isses e.g. https://github.com/testground/testground/issues/599 - Raul building wireframes for 875. Removes blocker for 599. 599 now dependent on 937. 937 now complete. what is status of 599?

---
- Still on Radar. Need to look into fault tolerances, set standards into the design
    - This is for a future sprint. Need issue to flesh out and work on design
    - Stages?
    - take one testplan (e.g.pubsub) and measure and annotate the failures for tolerance or improvement. 

    
- 

## :dart: Next

-  Timing of Sprint- v0.5.1 finishing. Due to Low intensity sprint this time, some tests will slide into v0.5.2
    -  Need Feature plan that didn't get done on Friday, Scheduled for this meeting now
        -  team sourced feature plan now complete  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w_6j27BJd9J5aC2SIjmBxblk8uI-eu6RzwR05zClphU/edit?ts=5eb3ede8#
#


- 
    -  Sprint Plan
-Bugs now in own pipeline so as to not compete with Features
-Issues only discussed in sync. Pr's can be mentioned in Daily Async, where respective discussion can be initiated
-Estimations, Think in terms of Effort, not time-tracking.   Effort = solution complexity + time needed to resolve
-Sprint Naming convention to now be v0.5.x until next majoer feature set can be planned
        
        
 
        
- @Raul  
    -   tickets updates
            - Local:exec testing
  
-  @Nonsense
      -   tickets updates
         - take Cluster K8 and local:docker

            - **Action Items**- @Anton create page and info banner to set expectations, then close 599
    



    

-  @Cory 
   -   tickets updates
            - take Cluster K8 and local:docker
-  Review Sprint v0.5.2 forward progress and priorites

    
    -  @raul, Any re-prioritizations, re-assignments, concerns ?
    -  TaaS Product Roadmap - features revolve around
        -  Shared Cluster-Anton primary
        -  Github Automation/Integration-Raul primary 
        -  Comparative Matix/dashboards- 
        -  Team sourced Design Requirement Doc is https://docs.google.com/document/d/19dA5SsiVDt43rnaSiaxNtXYYBN_MVaikvi0JFvpYlos/edit?ts=5ecaad42#heading=h.ootea6yezqkg

### Top 3 things to get done this week

- timebox (1hr) ideas for soltuions for TaaS Req doc feedback
- Please spend at least the first hr of each day doing reviews. 
- Estimate tickets
- Board is ALWAYS up to date. Check Board for priorities and tickets in queue



### Assignments

See ZenHub Kanban Board for granular details: (https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/testground-5db6a5bf7ca61c00014e2961/board?milestones=Testground%20v0.2%232020-02-14&repos=197244214).

- ==@Robm==
  - ... facilitate productivity of team with focus on delivering Viable Testrgound Product in Q2
- ==@raulk==
  - Defining the roadmap and plan for v1.0. See above linked doc
- ==@nonsense==
  - ..Sprint progress
- ==@cory==
  - ..Sprint progess
- ==@Hugo==
  - ..JS Browser spec document with Raul
:::info
When the meeting is over, push notes to https://github.com/testground/pm/tree/master/_meeting-notes and verify that ZenHub is up to date https://app.zenhub.com/workspaces/testground-agile-5e55a12c82aac7fef146176e/board
:::
